charts/generic/README.md, before:

# generic

![Version: 0.2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.2.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: latest](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-latest-informational?style=flat-square)

A generic Helm chart for Kubernetes

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| colearendt | helm@arendt.life | https://github.com/colearendt |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` |  |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| extraObjects | list | `[]` | Extra kubernetes objects to deploy (value evaluted as a template) |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"nginx"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` |  |
| livenessProbe | object | `{}` | customize the primary container's livenessProbe. Default none |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| pod.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional annotations to add to the pods |
| pod.env | list | `[]` |  |
| pod.labels | object | `{}` | Additional labels to add to the pods |
| pod.port | int | `80` |  |
| pod.securityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| pod.volumeMounts | list | `[]` |  |
| pod.volumes | list | `[]` |  |
| readinessProbe | object | `{"httpGet":{"path":"/","port":"http"}}` | customize the primary container's readinessProbe. Default is httpGet on the default `http` port |
| replicaCount | int | `1` |  |
| resources | object | `{}` |  |
| securityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| service.port | int | `80` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. -- If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| startupProbe | object | `{}` | customize the primary container's startupProbe. Default none |
| storage.accessModes[0] | string | `"ReadWriteOnce"` |  |
| storage.create | bool | `false` |  |
| storage.mountPath | string | `"/mnt/storage"` |  |
| storage.name | string | `""` |  |
| storage.requests.storage | string | `"6Gi"` |  |
| storage.storageClassName | string | `""` |  |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)

Commit message:

allow customizing command and args for the generic chart

charts/generic/README.md, after:

# generic

![Version: 0.2.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.2.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: latest](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-latest-informational?style=flat-square)

A generic Helm chart for Kubernetes

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| colearendt | helm@arendt.life | https://github.com/colearendt |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| args | list | `[]` | args for the pod's primary container. Default is the container's default "command" |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` |  |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| command | list | `[]` | command for the pod's primary container. Default is the container's default entrypoint |
| extraObjects | list | `[]` | Extra kubernetes objects to deploy (value evaluted as a template) |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"nginx"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` |  |
| livenessProbe | object | `{}` | customize the primary container's livenessProbe. Default none |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| pod.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional annotations to add to the pods |
| pod.env | list | `[]` |  |
| pod.labels | object | `{}` | Additional labels to add to the pods |
| pod.port | int | `80` |  |
| pod.securityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| pod.volumeMounts | list | `[]` |  |
| pod.volumes | list | `[]` |  |
| readinessProbe | object | `{"httpGet":{"path":"/","port":"http"}}` | customize the primary container's readinessProbe. Default is httpGet on the default `http` port |
| replicaCount | int | `1` |  |
| resources | object | `{}` |  |
| securityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| service.port | int | `80` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. -- If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| startupProbe | object | `{}` | customize the primary container's startupProbe. Default none |
| storage.accessModes[0] | string | `"ReadWriteOnce"` |  |
| storage.create | bool | `false` |  |
| storage.mountPath | string | `"/mnt/storage"` |  |
| storage.name | string | `""` |  |
| storage.requests.storage | string | `"6Gi"` |  |
| storage.storageClassName | string | `""` |  |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
